androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/smartersvision/food_delivery_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.BuildConfig
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/packageinfo/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.packageinfo.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/jaumard/smsautofill/R.java
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$attr
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$color
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$dimen
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$drawable
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$id
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$integer
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$layout
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$string
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$style
 com.jaumard.smsautofill.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
creativecreatorormaybenot/wakelock/R.java
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$attr
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$color
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$dimen
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$drawable
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$id
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$integer
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$layout
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$string
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$style
 creativecreatorormaybenot.wakelock.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/webviewflutter/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
com/dexterous/flutterlocalnotifications/R.java
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$attr
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$color
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$dimen
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$drawable
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$id
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$integer
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$layout
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$string
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$style
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$styleable
com/humazed/google_map_location_picker/R.java
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$attr
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$color
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$dimen
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$drawable
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$id
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$integer
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$layout
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$string
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$style
 com.humazed.google_map_location_picker.R$styleable
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/storage/R.java
 com.google.firebase.storage.R
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$color
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$id
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$string
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$style
 com.google.firebase.storage.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
com/lyokone/location/R.java
 com.lyokone.location.R
 com.lyokone.location.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location.R$color
 com.lyokone.location.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location.R$id
 com.lyokone.location.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location.R$string
 com.lyokone.location.R$style
 com.lyokone.location.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/auth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.auth.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
com/tekartik/sqflite/R.java
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$attr
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$color
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$dimen
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$drawable
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$id
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$integer
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$layout
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$string
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$style
 com.tekartik.sqflite.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/smoothstreaming/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.smoothstreaming.R
io/flutter/plugins/googlesignin/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
com/baseflow/permissionhandler/R.java
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$attr
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$color
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$id
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$integer
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$layout
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$string
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$style
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebasemessaging/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebasemessaging.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/googlemaps/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlemaps.R$styleable
infozenplus/com/flutter_open_whatsapp/R.java
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$attr
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$color
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$dimen
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$drawable
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$id
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$integer
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$layout
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$string
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$style
 infozenplus.com.flutter_open_whatsapp.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
io/flutter/plugins/urllauncher/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.urllauncher.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/androidintent/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.androidintent.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/dash/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.dash.R
io/flutter/plugins/videoplayer/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.videoplayer.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/lyokone/location_web/R.java
 com.lyokone.location_web.R
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$attr
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$color
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$dimen
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$drawable
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$id
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$integer
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$layout
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$string
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$style
 com.lyokone.location_web.R$styleable
com/smartersvision/food_delivery_app/R.java
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$attr
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$color
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$dimen
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$drawable
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$id
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$integer
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$layout
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$mipmap
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$string
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$style
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$styleable
 com.smartersvision.food_delivery_app.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/core/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.core.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$dimen
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/firestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
io/github/ponnamkarthik/toast/fluttertoast/R.java
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$attr
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$color
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$dimen
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$drawable
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$id
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$integer
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$layout
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$string
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$style
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$styleable
com/baseflow/geolocator/R.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$attr
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$color
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$id
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$integer
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$layout
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$string
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$style
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/storage/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.storage.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
flutter/plugins/screen/screen/R.java
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$attr
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$color
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$dimen
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$drawable
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$id
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$integer
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$layout
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$string
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$style
 flutter.plugins.screen.screen.R$styleable
com/google/android/exoplayer2/source/hls/R.java
 com.google.android.exoplayer2.source.hls.R
com/yourcompany/geocoder/R.java
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$attr
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$color
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$dimen
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$drawable
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$id
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$integer
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$layout
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$string
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$style
 com.yourcompany.geocoder.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
